manifest: update HomeKit revision (#6984)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

HomeKit
=======
.. rst-class:: v1-9-0 v1-8-0

> KRKNWK-13095: Change in KVS key naming scheme caused error for updated devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-13095: Change in KVS key naming scheme causes an error for updated devices.
```

>   Previous implementation allowed for empty key in domain, during refactoring this has been restricted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A previous implementation allowed for empty key in domain.
  This has been restricted during refactoring.
```
